this is I FM and you are tuned into
inside the SPL to kick week for off the
Raiders and rulers matched up with both
teams looking to make a statement in
advance to foreign oil on the season and
undefeated record going into the
all-star break from the start it didn't
seem to go the ruiners way as they had
many uncharacteristic errors that cost
them games though none was worse than
full goryeo's misclick against lizard
man he had meant to go for a ruse with
dragonite but unfortunately hit the
dragon claw button costing him the game
despite the odd ending something even
stranger happened after the match lizard
man posted a well natured good game but
was met with a two-page argument about
the ethics of the term I spoke to him
about the strange turn of events I was
meaning to be like a good sport like
it's like Kevin Garrett said it was like
a handshake because it's like good game
you fought well you gave me a good buddy
you were a strong a pony that's what I
meant by
even with that victory the ruiner still
wouldn't have been able to come out on
top as the Raiders roll to a foreign oil
record with their 724 victory in another
showdown of top-heavy teams the ever
grande bigs faced off against the indy
scooters going into this week the bigs
held a perfect 3 and 0 record with the
scooters hanging on with a solid 2 in 1
total games went back and forth in this
contest with neither team able to get a
secure foothold on the series it seemed
like the pigs had it wrapped up when
Saira had a clear victory over hugging
Duggan but a PP counting air quickly
erase the shouts of good game and put
the series in the hands of two
last-minute substitutes Toph was able to
break out with an early four to two lead
in the match was unable to handle I
ragas well-played Heatran falling at the
end to nothing and deadlocking the
team's 321 the congregation the
classiest have had a rough start of the
season and we're just looking to get
things rolling against the stark sharks
from the get-go they proved just how
strong of a team they could be getting a
variety wins from both usual and unusual
avenues some highlights included Grand
pantera taking out Wilson 46 and Toph
ending seals undefeated start of the
season but the real fireworks rolled in
when stunts was able to cleanly 60 reach
zero agron was the real star of the show
taking out a majority of reach zeros
teams and proving that he can hang in
the UU environment despite the one and
three record the classiest are still in
decent shape taking consideration there
plus to battle differential but the same
can't be said about the Sharks who
despite holding on to the same record
have a pitiful minus 8 in the battle
category before this week it seemed like
the Circus Maximus Tigers might be the
worst team in the league fortunately not
for them they were able to shut down the
daughters after an extremely convincing
series against the Wi-Fi Wolfpack wins
rolled in from all across the spectrum
including that's just peachy denying
nails a spot in all-star week and
Stephen snipe laying down the hurt on
iconic one of the lone bright spots the
week for the wolf pack was veteran loves
defeat of Mecca after he's able to power
through the last four remaining members
a mecca steam with choice man rock slide
from aerodactyl with the 8 23 victory
the tigers left themselves with a decent
standing despite their awful record
scraping together a positive battle
differential the wolf pack though will
be hard-pressed to rebound from this
defeat since they joined the sharks and
tyrants at the bottom of the totem
the final showdown in the weeks are the
tyrants and the Chi radicals waging war
both teams had pitiful early-season
records and we're looking to turn it
around in this battle of mediocrity
Golden Sun managed to come up with a
tight victory over Enzo sending the tone
for a closely contested battle to wash
and highest were both able to pull away
with wins for the tyrants and B lols and
it cracks perfect season HSA was able to
get arguably one of the most important
victories against papi he got a timely
crit hit critical hit on Kyogre that
hastened demise the man from Shanghai
moving the chiro nickels up to a 500
record well the tyrants are still stuck
at the bottom of the table we lost an
instrumental part at the SPL experience
over the all-star break with loneliness
stepping down from his position running
the tournament since then senri has
stepped up to take charge of the
tournament and we'll be making all
decisions from this point on that does
it for this edition of inside the SPL
ifm out